SPCTR-3274: Fix - Content Timeline border color issue when set from color palette. (#3492)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue wherein the Forms block would not work inside Containers in Astra's Custom Layout.
* Fix: Global - Removed the Block Editor Spacing setting for FSE themes.
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which masked images would get cut-off when the zoom-in hover effect was used.

> * Fix: Content Timeline - Resolved an issue in which the connector border color would not set when select from color Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Content Timeline - Resolved an issue in which the connector border-color would not appear as intended when selected from the color palette.
```

Author: Removing changelog for now as per Mohit Suggestion, because there is a major bug fixing card that is in blocked state regarding Content Timeline block, to avoid negative impression we are removing changelog.
